"Glasses"
Music & Lyrics by Ultra-Noob
To wash my face
Glasses I put on the desk
Those you're touching in fun
Are my glasses
Your finger dancing on the clear lens
Left snow footprints
On the stage of clean glass
Your fingertip in my glasses
Snatches my sight
Your magic in my glasses
Blocks my way
That's right
Your fingertip in my glasses
Snatches my heart
With your fantasy in my glasses
I'm satisfied
Coffee you squirted out
Twinkled with the sunlight
Like countless lenses
And poured into my face
Your fingertip in my glasses
Snatches my sight
Your magic in my glasses
Blocks my way
That's right
Your fingertip in my glasses
Snatches my heart
With your fantasy in my glasses
I'm satisfied